Dev Build 3.4 (tentative version number)

THIS CHANGELOG IS NOT COMPLETELY COMPREHENSIVE!

New:
1. UI icons for Gachapon and King Oil
2. Powerup icons for the Investment Powers
3. Hazards and world generation should be less laggy


World Generation:
1. Made tons of world generation optimizations by basically overhauling the entire tile data system.
	1. I won't bore you with details, but the generation should be up to 3x faster


Misc Changes:
1. King Oil ability now always use oil colored bubbles
2. Max number of visual elements that can be attached to a Hazard (Tar puddles) infinite -> 5
	1. This should hopefully reduce lag from oil related shenangins
	2. The oldest visual will be replaced by the newest when at the limit and they are sufficiently different in application duration (otherwise, a new visual will simply not be placed)
3. Modify Ability UI slightly
4. Crucible is now layered as a singular object for purpose of sprite sorting
5. Crucibles that spawn on grass will spawn with some foliage again
6. Hats that have special movement mechanics with Bubblemancer's Dash now animate based on the dash timer rather than the ability cooldown timer
	1. Bunce cap should no longer levitate in the air for prolonged periods
	2. Other hats should no longer rotate in the dash direction for prolonged periods
	3. Should feel more snappy overall


Fixes:
1. Achievement completion popup now uses black bg again instead of cornflower blue
2. Fixed bug where hovering over Gachapon Tokens in UI showed nothing
3. Fix bug where projectiles with exactly 2 pierce value (such as gacha slots base projectile) would hit the same enemy twice
4. In the pause menu, all buttons are slightly transparent now instead of just the compendium button
5. Fix bug where Roadblock (red border) visuals were not fully encapsulating roadblock areas
6. Fix bug where Tree spawns and Crate spawns were run double the intended amount.
	1. Crate spawn attempt chance increased to compensate 50% -> 75%


Compendium Changes:
1.  Compendium: 
	1. Character sort can now Sort by ID once again (Group Sort no longer replaces ID Sort)
	2. Power sort now has Group option, which groups by power pools
	3. (FIX) When opening the compendium after something has been unlocked/changed, it should more consistently look correct
		1. (hopefully) No more red ? icons when achievements are complete or blacked out powers after they have been unlocked
		2. All compendium pages are marked for resort whenever the compendium is opened now, instead of only the previously selected page
	4. (FIX) fixed bug when numbers are on for characters, enemies, or achievements, they appear over some compendium elements
2. Standardize the way compendium descriptions are generated to use titles, headers, and segments, rather than just a single block of text with different size arguments.
	1. Description segments all have a shaded background, like the lore segments
	2. Modified the size range for the Title (now title should more often fall on one line, except for the really long ones)
3. Compendium Equipment Page now showcases the powers each equipment provides in special UI rather than a list of text
	1. You can click on the powers to navigate to their page
	2. The abilities provided by each equip is also displayed now, though as text (may be temporary)
4. Astrajelly now shows powerpool in compendium
