Dev Build 2.2 (tentative version number)

New:
1. Major environmental art overhauls to ambient features and tiles
2. Add a new menu in the Character select UI
3. Add some small tutorial popups (some of these may be temporary)
4. New sprites for Eureka power, Gatligator Cola projectile
5. Add a "quest" system, which somewhat guides you in the direction you need to go in game
	1. Skull Enemy meter and wave start button are now displayed left of the pylon UI instead of below it, in order to allow quests to fit.
6. Add pointers that show you where the next pylon is

Changes:
1. Remove pre-round powerup pool display, in favor of the new, less cluttered interface
2. Rainbow flower Contract cost 3 gems -> 5 gems (normalized)
3. Modify some rooms to make gen bugs less likely with those rooms
4. Each time a money-giving gachaproj hits an enemy, it will now decrease the money dropped by subsequent pierces by 1

Multiplayer:
1. Both players must be near a pylon to activate it
2. Player numbers appear over player's heads when they get too close

Misc:
1. Experiment with some of the blue UI
2. Add some preliminary features for preventing players from starting attacks while hovering on UI elements
	1. For now, this mostly means you won't attack the frame before switching characters
3. Tutorial menu now and has a close button, and is more detailed
4. Normalize some descriptions (tokens is no longer a proper noun)
5. Make some character's bubble projectile colors less transparent

Fixes:
1. The INIT call for entities should now happen first regardless of framerate and stop equips from running code if unable to fetch player controls (should fix some bugs where multiple player equip sprites are overlayed weirdly)
2. Remove some arbitrary overhead "resize" calls to certain UI elements that should generally reduce lag
3. Roadblock visuals now appear for player 2 as well
4. Fix rock spider leg animation bug
5. Bubble Birb is now consumed properly again in singleplayer


Dev Build 2.21 (tentative version number)

Fixes:
1. Fix bug where new UI interface did not work on all resolutions


Dev Build 2.22 (tentative version number)

New:
1. Add a new power

Changes:
1. (BUFF) Reduced randomness/variance and spread of Bubble Wand bubble velocity
2. (BUFF) Reduced attack cooldown of both bubble wand attacks 0.2 -> 0.1s
3. (BUFF) Bubble Wand big bubble damage lost on pierce 20% -> 10%, velocity lost 20% -> 15%
4. (BUFF) Bubble Gun cooldown of primary reduced 0.14s -> 0.1s
5. (BUFF) Controller aim wheel now moves 4x faster
6. (NERF) Shard of Glass redesign sprite to Glass Knife, and chance to take additional damage 25% -> 50%
7. (REWORK) Reflection no longer stacks additional bounces, instead increasing bounce damage on stack
8. (BUFF) The cost of rainbow flower is no longer arbitrarily increased (normalized price)
    1. (NERF) However, it no longer replaces powers in the pool. Instead it just gives a random amount of rainbow shards.
    2. (NERF) Rainbow flower shard replication cost increased to 3
9. (BUFF) Enemies killed by Gachapon Chips while using a slot machine weapon will now drop tokens

Fixes:
1. Fix issue where spritebatch was not working after restarting while a spritebatch all was already in queue
2. Fix issue where Electrodynamics Grimoire was closing in multiplayer for both players when either player closed the book