Dev Build 3.0 (tentative version number)

THIS CHANGELOG IS NOT COMPLETELY COMPREHENSIVE!

1. Text is now stored in a Localization system rather than generated on-demand, which should make the startup time for the game faster (and will support more languages in the future)
2. Compendium is now available during runs
3. Runs can now loop through the map instead of going forever in the same node

New:
1. Lightning in a Bottle, Tale of Frostbite, Gladiator, Astra Jelly power
2. New Enemy (Ice Golem)
3. Added some new nodes, including a new wave 15 node
4. Added 3 new achievements

Changes:
1. Reworked the buff system to no longer create as many buff instances, which should reduce lag for Snake Eyes and Roll for Dexterity
2. The buff display is also capable of supporting multiple buffs and is slightly smaller
3. Swap position of key and gem in UI since I think that would make more sense
	1. Gem is now slightly bigger, key slightly smaller, and position adjusted
4. Bubblewand charge sound now gets higher pitch with more attack speed
5. Reworked some rooms
6. Rework the Life and Shield system
	1. Now shields no longer have "slots", instead they act like soul hearts in Isaac
	2. The max life + shield you are allowed to have is 10*
	3. Reworked the way heart and shields are loaded into the UI. Generally the system should be faster, and lag when acquiring shields or switching equips or getting hit should be reduced
	4. Bubbleshield tooltip updated accordingly

Misc:
1. Powerup Rarities are now calculated once on game load, reducing lag
2. Internal code improvements
3. More standardization of UI Buttons
	1. The more animated behaviors (such as growing when hovered) of buttons should be more present across more in-game buttons
4. Rework scroll sensitivity in the compendium, power menu, modifier cards slightly
5. Wave 15 achievements now activate on win rather than on wave 15
6. Change UI text border thickness by 20%

Fixes:
1. Book should no longer softlock your attack when recalling shortly before dying and getting resurrected by bubblebirb
	1. Thunderbubble projectile and Echo Bubble projectiles now expire immediately upon dying
2. Fix bug where Light Bulb death animation was not working properly
3. Fix bug where player death count was only being incremented in multiplayer (now Bunce hat should be unlockable again)
4. Powers and Enemies should now be pushed out of walls if they somehow get inside of them
5. Reliability of Forge R-key to process should no longer be frame dependent (previously it was somewhat unreliable and would not always register)
6. (Collateral damage bath bombs now spawn where enemies were killed, rather than on the position of the killing projectile (fixes spear of light)
7. Fix issue where the tooltip UI would be in different positions based on screen resolution
8. Fix bug where Compendium was occasionally moving across the screen when first loaded
9. Fix bug where some enemy visuals were colored red when they were targeted by an infector, even when not implanted
10. Modified the way infected enemies speeds are increased (now inertia should also scale)
11. Black market shops should be appropriately rare again (normal subnode shop weighting increased 0.2 -> 0.7)
	1. Also added a new "abandoned shop" node with 0.3 weighting


Changes to the Wave Card System:
1. Standardized quantity of skull-wave spawns
	1. Previously, Leonard and Rock Golem had greatly reduced swarm rates in waves (3), Sentinels and Gatligator (5), others (6)
		1. These four/five enemies also would reduce skull wave count by 1 always (instead of 2/3/4, it was 1/2/3 based wave card)
		1. Infector was guaranteed to only ever swarm as a single infector (1), but wave count was the same
	2. Now, swarm quantity is based on max(3, 7 - rarity), or (6, 5, 4, 3, 3) for all enemies
		1. Main enemies affected: Infectors (1 -> 3), Gatligators/Super Sentinel (5 -> 3), Sentinel (5 -> 4)
		2. All other enemies will also have varied spawns, but generally it means smaller skull wave variance and less skull enemies in general (except for infectors, potentially)
	3. Now, skull wave count is only reduced for rarities 4 and 5, which means Sentinels will now swarm as (3 -> 4) and Infectors (4 -> 3), assuming no external modifiers
		1. Leonard, Rock Golem, Gatligator, Super Sentinel unchanged
2. Remove all "scripted" waves, except for 15, 30, 45, etc.
	1. Wave 20, 30, 40, etc. no longer come with a guaranteed ambush modifier
	2. Waves 15, 20, 25, 30, etc. no longer are guaranteed to be Infector, Leonard, or Rock Golem waves
	3. Waves 15, 30, 45, etc. are now guaranteed double trouble with Infector, with a double bias for expensive enemies
	4. Wave 10 and waves 12+ (when not already in the pool) no longer have a higher artificial chance to be Leonard
	5. Wave 13 and waves 13+ (when not already in the pool) no longer have a higher chance to be Infector

Compendium Changes:
1. Now shows black-market power variation effects
2. Compendium no longer shows alternate effects before they are unlocked (like character specific sparkle-sparkle descriptions)
3. Changed Dragon Slots description
4. Enemies now have descriptions
5. Some achievements can now be "secret"
6. Keybinds can be used in the main menu to close settings and compendium/tier list now.
7. Compendium now tracks Ascensions and Victories for each equip

Dev Build 3.01 (tentative version number)

THIS CHANGELOG IS NOT COMPLETELY COMPREHENSIVE!

1. Modified the "Forge Land" node to be more open but have less forges
2. Added a new node and changed spawn rate for some other nodes
3. Compendium should now be less buggy

Changes:
1. First and second node can no longer spawn with a forge
2. (NERF) Mitosis Forge cost 25 -> 50
3. (NERF) Shards of Power Forge cost 25 -> 50
4. (NERF) Crystal Serum Forge cost 25 -> 100
5. (NERF) Coupons Forge cost 10 -> 15
6. (BUFF) Contract Forge cost 50 -> 30
7. (NERF) Gem cost to restock shops starts at 3 -> 5

Misc:
1. No longer debug log buff applications

Fixes:
1. Tier list mode in the compendium should now work again
	1. Fixed issue where elements would be picked up again the frame after placing	
	2. Fixed issue where the power offset was incorrect
	3. Fixed issue where the placement position was incorrectly offset
2. Fix issue where compendium sometimes broke based on frame-dependent interactions (causing double elements to appear and losing functionality)
3. Fix issue where trails from Sentinels were spawning on the compendium displays
4. Now compendium resorts on refresh
5. Compendium should now update achievements when they are unlocked
6. Fix bug where in-game black market power borders weren't red if compendium page was power, even when closed
7. Player health now displays properly in multiplayer

Dev Build 3.1 (tentative version number)

THIS CHANGELOG IS NOT COMPLETELY COMPREHENSIVE!

1. Coins now attract from 5x the distance when waves end (and skull enemies killed)
2. 3 new achievments unlocking alternate weapon variants for Fizzy
3. Bubble projectile colors now support slightly more complex behaviors, like weapons having different colors from passive bubbles

Changes:
1. Power UI (layout on the bottom) is 25% smaller
2. Explosions from Bath Bombs and Flavor Explosion are now effected by Special Visual Opacity slider
3. Picking up multiple Astrajelly (through Shards or Mitosis) now gives proper amount of shields
4. The base minimum amount of credits director needs to spend before spawning skull waves and considering a wave complete reduced by 20%
	1. And the minimum number of cards needed to be spent for the same purpose reduced 10 -> 9
	2. In general, this should mean waves are generally faster and have slightly less enemies
5. (BUFF) Magnet now has a secondary effect (+5 coins per wave per stack)
6. (NERF) Fizzy base skateboard damage 10 -> 8
7. (BUFF) Chicken health 7 -> 8
8. (NERF) Rock Spider health 8 -> 7

Misc:
1. Adjustments to the power border shader that should make it generally smoother-looking on most powerups
2. Cola is slightly bigger in UI
3. Cola explosion is now angled based on throw direction
4. Cola should now more accurately track the mouse when shooting (previously would shoot slightly below)

Fixes:
1. Try fixing barrier not appearing bug (reset pylon progression number at the start of any run)
2. Compendium: Fix bug where the scroll menu would have incorrect bounds with a large tier list (when tier list was loaded then closed)
3. Fix bug where tier list categories would briefly glitch out when moving elements in such a way that increases the size of each row
4. Try fixing bug where Astrajelly sometimes gave no powers