Dev Build 1.40 (tentative version number)

New:
1. Character Select UI changes: as it stands now, this is generally just a small fidelity improvement, but more will come later!

Misc:
1. Make it so all enemies are BLACKED until picked in a run, rather than unlocked.
2. Relationships between equipment prefabs is now defined internally and with an exact ordering
	1. Now it has a consistent ID system
	2. For future updates, this should fix the randomizing of previously equipped equips and tier list when new equips are added

Fixes:
1. Crystal ambient sound is now effected by your sound setting
	1. It should also no longer permanently play twice
2. Fix bug where Eternal Bubbles accidentally increased bubble range
3. Fix bug where game reloaded large amounts of data upon restart
	1. This should generally improve loading times
4. Give Burger the damage up back (I accidentally removed it for some reason)
5. Fix some wave card scaling UI issues





Dev Build 1.50 (tentative version number)

New:
1. New Weapon: Gacha Slots, unlocked with Gachapon
	1. Comes with 7 accompanying powers, as well as some synergy with other powers
2. New sound for chest spawning in

Changes:
1. Bubble Gun no longer contributes Haste or Bubble Propulsion to the pool
2. Light Bulb no longer contributes Haste to the pool
3. Gachapon now generates chips slower (2.5 -> 3.0), but can generate them in char select
	1. This is meant to be a slight nerf to push Chips towards being the emergency burst option they were designed for, rather than a primary weapon (yes this change is targeted to YOU. YOU know who YOU are...)
4. Increased power up prices across the board, for both wave rewards and the shop: (10 -> 15, 15 -> 25, 25 -> 50, 50 -> 100, 100 -> 250)
	1. Reduced rate of shop price inflation 10% -> 5%
	2. This should make early game prices steeper, common powers will be cheaper later game
5. Wave Start power rewards now have a lower cost multiplier 2 -> 1.5 relative to Wave End reward
6. Roll for Perception now caps the reduced weight of rarity 1 and 2 powers at 0.2 -> 0.5
	1. This means common items should no longer appear as infrequently with the power in high quantities
7. When not seeking an implant (where their hitbox turns off anyways), Infectors now try to stay 3 -> 4 units away from the player

Misc:
1. Slight modifications to Gachapon's Moving and Facial Animations

Fixes:
1. Fix issue where bunce hat would fly into the sky uncontrollably when switching from Gachapon to Bubblemancer in the equip menu where bunce hat was worn by Bubblemancer



Dev Build 1.60 (tentative version number)

New:
1. New Power: Pirate's Booty
2. New Power: Eureka!
3. New Weapon: Dragon Slots
4. New Tile, 2x Tile Decor, and Achievement
5. New Currency: Gem
6. Power Select UI can now be hidden
7. New Chest variants

Balance:
1. Base damage of Gacha Slot non-winning spin 5 -> 4
2. Gacha Slots projectiles now lose more damage when piercing then before (-20%, -15%, -10%, -5%) -> (-20%, -20%, -20%, -20%)
3. Thunder bubble no longer gains 10% multiplicative speed when bouncing off of walls
4. Big Bubble Projectile now bounces off walls in a more physically correct manner, and gains 10% velocity instead of losing 25%
	1. Damage is also no longer truncated, resulting in decimal damage (minor buff)
5. Token pouch max tokens 3 (+3) -> 2 (+2), tokens per wave 2 (+2) -> 1 (+1)
	1. Now player starts with 4 max token slots
6. Resprite and Upscale grass tile, flower decor
7. Bubble Staff no longer adds Coalescence to the power pool. It now grants an additional charge shot levels and 20% increased secondary attack speed
8. Made Thought Bubble and Gachapon unlocks slightly easier (25 -> 20, 6480 -> 5000)
9. Rework to how Choice Powers work; importantly, you can no longer roll Choice -> Choice

Changes:
1. World is now generated with a new system called NODES internally. For now, major will actually change, except...
	1. The world border is now somewhat procedurally decorated
	2. The collision map is no longer separate from the main map, reducing some lag and visual confusion
	3. Some tile data is now stored with a dictionary, resulting in what should be faster world setup speeds
2. Change some sound effects for Batter Up
3. Change some descriptions and power names
4. While falling, chests now have some collision, but with less mass
5. Bubblemancer now doesn't rotate as much when moving

Misc:
1. Many internal organization changes and improvements
2. Appearance order of pickups (visual layering) changed to Key -> Gem -> Heart -> Coin
3. Keys now bob up an down slightly more aggressively

Fixes:
1. Bug where characters would sometimes wear other character's as equipment, preventing you from switching from character in the hat slot, should be fixed
2. Fix bug where infector could die to poison while inside an enemy
3. Fix bug where an Infector killed before infecting a host would prevent the host from ever being infected again by another infector
4. Hover text now appears above currency icons in the top left rather than below it
5. Fix issue where character and equipment orientation would start on the wrong side when facing left, standing still, and switching character or equipment


