Dev Build 3.3 (tentative version number)

THIS CHANGELOG IS NOT COMPLETELY COMPREHENSIVE!

New:
1. Overhauled user interface for Setting, Compendium, and small changes to Pause Menu and Home
2. Conglomerate, Combust, Smokestack sprites
3. Now you can change shadows and day cycle through settings
	1. Lower shadow blur may aid in GPU performance
4. Shops may sometimes sell powers in bulk, at a higher price
	1. This chance is greater for lower-star powers
	2. This is somewhat meant to augment the current state of the shop, where you simply buy cheap items just to cycle the shop.
	3. The goal is to make your choices more meaningful, while also keeping power stacking as a core identity of the game
	4. Currently treated as restocking ONCE for the purpose of price scaling and restock machine counts...
	5. DOES NOT EFFECT BLACK MARKET POWERS
	6. Overall, the shop will sell slightly more powers but at a higher average price per power
5. New Node: Workshop
6. New Subnode: Crate Node
7. One new achievement
8. Black market powers are cheaper and more common


Balance Changes:
1. (BUFF) Oilicopter now always applies oil and always appears in King Oil's color
2. (NERF) Smokestack attack speed per stack stack scaling 5% (+2%) -> 4% (+1%)
3. (BUFF) Fire from Bubblebirb and Dragon Slots now detonate debuffs (Description modified for dragon slots)
4. (NERF) Chance of shops appearing in alternating subnodes 75% -> 50%
	1. The alternation has been shifted slightly, so they should no longer appear as often before nodes that already have shops
5. (NERF/FIX) Fix bug where Compound Interest would only roll for a lower tier power once, and then give you that amount squared
	1. Now it gives the correct amount: Stack^2 -> Stack
	2. Now it can roll different powers instead of just 1 at a time (similar to Astra Jelly)
6. (BUFF) Perpetual Bubble Machine no longer has unique rainbow shard replication scaling


Misc Changes:
1. Crucible speed is now capped at 10x speed
2. Crucible and Forge hammer speed increases are now global and last the whole run
--Global crucible and forge speeds should make forging feel less painful
3. Subnodes now shift to attempt a spawn 12 times if the spot is blocked (up from 10), so they should be more common
--I want subnodes to be more important, so I'm trying to increase their spawn rates
4. BoxesShopWithForge, Junkyard, and Junkyard2 nodes are now more open
5. BoxesShop1, BoxesShop2, MeadowCrucible3 now have a connector between two previously dead ends
--A lot of older nodes will continue to receive changes to make them more compatible with pathfinding enemies
6. When multiple copies of a power would be dropped from a pylon, it simply drops them in bulk now (should reduce lag for stacking Perp, Pumpjack, Resonance Ruby, etc.)


Fixes:
1. Fix bug where soup would still work even when removed through a crucible
2. Fix bug where the selected ascension would reset to Bubblemancer's Max ascension when restarting as other characters
3. Fix bug where tier lists would bug out at high category heights.	
	1. The fix for this is a general code order change, which should hopefully fix some other tier list bugs and definitely not cause any other bugs
4. Fix bug where all any powers counted as black market in compendium black market mode, even grayed out ones
5. Fix bug where you could hover over and select equipment/achievement elements that were off screen in the compendium


Compendium Changes:
1. Replaced "Cancel Changes: with Export button
2. Adjustments to Tier list colors and size of tier display elements
3. Biome background removed from Enemy page (this might be temporary)
4. Compendium now disables itself when offscreen, which should overhead lag slightly
5. All compendium sections are loaded when the compendium is opened now, and displays compendium completion progress
6. Fix compendium sizes on 16:10 resolutions showing tier list buttons when tier list was not open.
	1. Should work on other resolutions	
	2. Now the description box is bigger to compensate


Black Market adjustments:
--Now that black market items are greater in quantity and generally more balanced in power level, I want to test out making them more common
1. Rainbow shard cost multiplier 2x -> +1
	1. Now rarer black market powers are cheaper to replicate
2. Black market dealer cost multiplier 3x -> 2x
3. Chance of a Black Market power appearing in a normal shop 0.5% -> 1.5%


Enemies:
--These Snobble nerfs happen at the margins, which should keep it a threat, but Snobble should be easier to avoid with good movement 
1. (NERF) Snobble:
	1. Dash speed multiplier 2.85 -> 2.75
	2. Snobble has the ability to increase it's move progression counter at double speed when near the player
		1. This window opened 25 frames into its default movement counter, or 75 frames after a dash began, and would allow the next dash to come out in about 38 frames
		2. The window has been moved into 30 frames after its movement counter
		3. Snobble now incurs a random 0-6 frames of lag after a dash or slide
--These changes are mostly to lower lag, but should also make the enemy generally a bit weaker
2. (NERF) Rock Golem adjustments (Total HP 192 -> 150)
	1. Life 24 -> 25 
	2. Segments 8 -> 6
	3. Max coin drops 3 -> 4 (overall drops should be slightly reduced, as enemies are weighted towards their lower drop values)
	4. Hopefully should reduce lag a bit
3. Crow coins dropped max 5 -> 4
4. Ent coins dropped max 10 -> 8
5. Gatligator is now slightly bigger in UI