Dev Build 3.2 (tentative version number)

THIS CHANGELOG IS NOT COMPLETELY COMPREHENSIVE!

New:
1. Ability Display UI
2. New Character and new associated powers
3. New home/steam banner
4. 2* new Black Market powers
5. All enemies now implement PATHFINDING
6. 3 new equips for Fizzy
7. 7 new achievements
8. The pause screen now shows elapsed time since start of the run rather than your current wave
9. 5+ new nodes, and node reworks
10. A new category of powers
11. Added a Shield Pickup
12. 2 new enemies
13. Add a new breakable world element (crates)

Balance Changes:
1. (NERF) Bottle Blast bonus bubbles: 4 (+4) -> 2 (+2)
2. Quite a few nodes should be more open than before
3. (REWORK) Astrajelly stacks now roll multiple powers instead of giving a huge amount of one power
4. (NERF) Scaling damage on Poison is now based on enemy current Life rather than Max Life, which is roughly a 50% nerf to the scaling damage
5. (NERF) Perpetual bubble machine only triggers on even-numbered waves
6. (NERF) Choice base reroll count 2 -> 1
7. (REWORK) Bubblemancer dash now comes with 34 frames of invincibility
	1. Sparkle Sparkle now releases 2(+1) -> 3(+1) stars on Bubblemancer
	2. Cooldown 0.5 -> 3.0
	3. During the dash, passive attacks (bubble trail, etc.) now act at 20x the speed, decreasing until the end of the dash (avg 10x speed)
	4. Dash velocity 25 -> 45
8. (BUFF) Thought Bubble immunity frames on teleport 7 -> 25
10. (BUFF) Roll for Dexterity buff duration 5s -> 7s
11. (REWORK) Calculator Adjustments (FOR THE STANDARD ALGORITHM THAT EFFECTS MOST PROJECTILES, SPECIAL BEHAVIORS UNCHANGED UNLESS SPECIFIED):
	1. Now the algorithm is purely angle based, rather than velocity based, meaning it should function more predictably and consistently
		1. The biggest impact is that trajectories close to being opposite previously failed to home (allowing projectiles to travel straight through without locking on)
		2. This is NO LONGER the case, now projectiles can more easily turn with calculator
	2. Lerp speed is now based on angle delta, where lower deltas increase rates, meaning near misses should home far more easily
		1. Interpolation actually favors bigger deltas, so previously homing was stronger at large deltas, causing projectiles to snap quickly to a nearby course, but stop snapping just before getting to the right trajectory, causing calculator too look like it was always just barely missing
		2. Now the bias should be balanced out by the inverse angle delta multiplier
	3. Thunder Bubbles, GachaSlots non-token projectiles, now use the standard algorithm instead of a unique algorithm
		1. Thunder Bubbles, however, gets 90% less acceleration
	4. Calculator homing strength for stars buffed by around 16%
	5. Overall, the algorithm is far stronger, so stacking factors for ACCELERATION and LERP SPEED have been nerfed slightly (not in power description)
	6. Most Projectiles now require LOS with enemies to HOME. This might cause more overhead lag, so let me know if it is a problem for you!

Misc Changes:
1. New raycast logic that should make LOS more accurate for stuff like Sentinel Lasers
2. All character bodies now turn around instantly when direction is changed (Previously only TB and Gachapon did this)
	1. This is part of a standardization to make animating simpler (as such, animations should also feel slightly more consistent for player body movement)
3. Rework the debuff systems internally to support more functionality
	1. No longer shows stack number at 1 stack
4. New liquid/goo/hazard system
5. Fix an oversite in attack speed scaling for weapons that caused weapons to stall attacks and play a large amount of idle frames at enhanced speed after a full cycle had been finished
	1. Effectively, this should make extremely high attack speeds more accurate to replicating weapon attack behavior
	2. This was totally unnecessary, but basically should allow weapons to attack even faster than the frame limit (why did I do this)
6. Some system optimizations for immunity frames
7. Cat Ears rotates less when moving
8. Choice power sprite is now slightly bigger (~5%)
9. Passive attack speed multiplier now take effect immediately instead of after a passive attack has cycled
10. All references to "reduce ability cooldown" have been changed to "increase ability refresh speed", as this is more accurate
11. Trails should now render more accurately for fast-moving objects such as a high attack-speed slot machine

Fixes:
1. Coin, Gem, and Key tutorial popups should appear again when hovering over them
2. Fix oversight where particles colors were Whiter than intended
3. Fizzy character highlight now properly appear on the top of the bubble instead of the bottom
4. LIGHTING FIX: Shifting lighting downward, making shadows more accurate and realistic
5. Correct some localizations
6. Pickup "collect delay" now prevents picking up anything except hearts (previously only prevented magnetism until the delay completed)
7. Fixed the spacing in the compendium being different for equips that were locked
8. Fix bug where Crows were incorrectly sized unless they were preparing to jump (now they should be 10% bigger)
9. Tag team waves should be able to trigger wave-enemy related achievements
10. Fix bug where Thought Bubble: Calculated was only unlocked if you DID use your weapon.
11. Particles from Crates Breaking should be more accurate
12. Pylons are now considered WORLDOBJ for purpose of collision instead of WORLD. They will no longer block things like sentinel lasers

Compendium Changes:
1. Now has support for "Lore"/Notes sections (don't take these too seriously as they are still very WIP)
2. Brief descriptions no longer appear for powers
3. Rock spider now face the correct direction in the compendium (fixed rock spider issue that popped up the first time)
	1. Also fix some asymmetries with Rock Spider legs being more prevalent in one direction than the other (barely noticeable)

Enemy Rebalances:
1. (NERF) Ent max life 27 -> 24
2. (NERF) (Ice golem is called snow golem now) Snow Golem max life 24 -> 20
3. (NERF) Sentinel max life 15 -> 12
4. (NERF) Super Sentinel max life 25 -> 20
5. (NERF) Gatligator max life 25 -> 22
6. (NERF) Tag team waves now have 75% of the typical skull wave count or one less wave (whichever is lower), unless the skull wave count would go below 2 or the count was only 1 originally
7. (NERF) Snow golem is now considered 4-star, meaning it will come in lower counts, cost also adjusted to make rarer outside of skull waves
	1. Cost 5 -> 6
	2. Min coins 3 -> 4
8. Wave number adjustments (these are experimental and may be reverted later)
	1. (NERF) Gatligator 6 -> 8
	2. (NERF) Snow Golem 7 -> 9
	3. (NERF) Sentinel 4 -> 9
	4. (NERF) Rock Golem and Leonard 9 -> 10
	4. (NERF) Super Sentinel 12 -> 14
	5. (NERF) Infector 8 -> 13